yeah okay good evening everyone how are
you doing
all right we're recording this is the
ipfs core implementations weekly sick it
is the 24th of February 2020
I am your host for today
here put your name in the attendees list
I just asked you to do that but I'm
gonna ask you again
Jacob has volunteered to be the
note-taker Thank You Jacob that's super
cool
and we will get on with what we normally
do and what we normally do is we go
through our high priority initiatives
and share updates on those we also if
you have a sink updates for what you've
been working on then please add them to
the end of the document we won't go
through them in this meeting but it
means that everyone can share what
they've been on and we can we can look
at it asynchronously and ask questions
if we need to later um so let's get back
to it high priority initiatives are my
my thing is jumping around people are
adding stuff at the rate of knots that's
great so high priority initiatives first
ARP
we have a coming and shipped releases
and I have the news that since we last
spoke which feels so long ago now
because we missed a week the JSI PF at
the jsf EFS 0:41 released finally which
is cool and since then i think we've
actually released a bug fix anyway so a
number of chip and so the highlights
from that is that async/await refractor
finally got shipped if you have been
paying attention at all then you will
know that it has been a big refactor to
the code base which leaves us with asa
weights style code and spacing intervals
by default that's super cool there is a
release blog post which also links to
another big blog post where we explain
what all those changes actually mean and
the other highlight is unix FS version
1.5 which is now in there so you can now
add metadata to your files as you import
them and when they come back out they
still have metadata so that's that's
super cool for a number of reasons which
is also explained in a reflog post so
you guys should go and check that out
all right so that's Jessica 0:41 is does
anyone else have any upcoming or ships
releases that they'd like to mention
while we're here
ready that all right let's move on
so upgrading the test testing infra and
all process you've got Antwon and Raul
even review okay we'll have to leave
that one for today content rating hat
there's text here canned would someone
like to let us know what's up with
content routing at the moment hi guys I
so walking on New York now watching
myself from outside of Italy yeah so
contributing to me a bunch of really
awesome decision here is hearing yes I
go we have yeah we figured out how to do
the DC upgrade now we're gonna have one
DFC now with two protocols and new nodes
will not grab old nodes the older
sources new node this should work 99% of
the time once 20 percent networks
upgrade it and move it five nines one
forty five percent of the network has
operated and the convicted sister knows
other than that we also have the housing
news to work on this ground we have some
concerns around lambdas APNs between to
fix to figure out a and yeah we also
like the person around matches in
Atlantic doesn't that yeah so we're so
we're trying to land the devastating
garden table state from connection today
I and up for the deuce diesel so all the
other stabilize frantic ignored smashes
and if your metrical cool Thank You
Steven can people hear me yes okay cool
I also likes the addition of a little
walking tour of New York at the same
time um alright let's move on then sub
the main gate mail gateway Lydell would
you like to give an update here question
the first time metric what does that
mean actually with the fall so
we provide then we find then we actually
do the catch I just final touch with
work what we've already done and murder
do you
but do you include the time to fetch or
time to the connection to step it's all
session initiation we're taking one
block through the time to fetch but at
the point you already have record there
was a pin it on and then it so it's
almost time for you to get the time that
I said so it's almost time to first byte
paste yes but it had the first but like
again these are all additives like we
resolved first then we did detect
successful cheating on the same machine
technically like all that much it so
just did we actually get it get the
thing okay alright any other questions
shall we move on
move on lighter would you like to give
us your update so on the main gateways
front not much happened I was at idea
fasting week her I plan to learn this
here make it ready for review this week
hopefully what we must be done is to
finish writing tests basically and we
want to land it with ship it will go
back with us open five during her to
fasting week we we got agreement what do
we mean by shipping CID v1 Isetta fault
and default for output and we have a
soft launch date to ship it with God
prefers open text and just give us our
point 43 the short version is that we
will be upgrading output if the IP
ceoddi on the output would be that
console or some other means like web
service API API if it's CA DB 0 we would
automatically upgrade output to see adv
one in Bedford - it will be the same
multi harsh no changes of internal tag
and if someone passes - Darcy ID version
1 like explicitly that will not only
make that will and for force use of CID
p1 in entire Doug changing not only dark
but also like enabling reliefs because
now if internal nodes are using CID v1
then we can squeeze multi collector and
tell that the leaves are Rolex that's
the short story more updates on that in
following weeks that's it for me thank
you nice do you have a version estimate
for when CID in subdomain
as earnest yes it's at the main gateways
stuff we'll be landing in Jaso people
hopefully the the worst-case scenario
would be avoid 43
oh because I want to ship it at first
we'd go idea first then with Jessica
fest and then circle back to Jas I mean
go idea fest I get his companion and
then circle back to just happy for us
but it should not worst-case scenario is
pushing each one of it
okay cool all right any quick questions
for light oh no okay moving on bit swap
updates are you around even not a
radical two couples mostly also we're
dropping Kirsten sessions or something
useful otherwise in a blood
volume antenna theory we intervene
answer it with the technology group the
person of the bouncing sending messages
like instead of extending every single
day we're gonna select him up in this
involved one but we had the physicians
around like shall I stop and we also
hope you don't have message definition
we send this image this don't happen
this yourself I can I think
some of that there was some muting in
with the middle of that oh sorry I was
trying to I'm like eating with my papa
okay I think he's also currently blocked
on JSI PFS bit swap so I'm gonna block
out some time this week to get him a
review of that work yeah he did tagged a
bunch of us on a pull request so yeah
that'd be rad am I trying undo that
Wednesday yeah they'll be good to have
before super hard lands because
otherwise basically I go it'll be
freezing but it'll get flow and letting
some okay cool then we are on to stream
content based junking research slash
improvements yes so we see we actually
didn't get the second one finished 20
minutes ago about this and there is
actually interest to get some numbers of
what's out there doing their custom
checking and stuff like that this whole
section on Wednesday so yeah there are a
couple more design design over there
won't be much progress this week with
with the painting thank you
all right in which case is anyone have
any questions for Peter first of all
okay all right so we have finished our
list of important top-level initiatives
we have other initiatives that I'll just
read out the titles quickly if anyone
has any updates then shout out as I'm
doing it and we can do it but we have
eunuchs if that's one point five adding
performance so I've got a note from a
Dean to say there are no new changes
happening ago FS okay great
distributed signaling we maybe want to
remove if there are if there isn't going
to be more work on something we can
remove it for future weeks like add
performance yes I agree so we think
years for you it's some of the stuff
alex is working on basically okay so
dispute signaling that's still happening
but on pause I assume and the migration
to multi Ashley's in block score which
Hector is making progress with but is
not here we should probably move out
that up two things that we're actively
working on right
okay let's do that okay any design
review proposals from anyone nothing
there at the moment
any blockers or asks any questions and
anything for the parking lot all right
in which case I think we're pretty much
done this note stock will be pool
requested to the team management repo
where you can look at other people's
async updates and put comments on them
and ask questions if you so need to but
otherwise thank you very much for
attending everyone you may have some of
your time back now of your day and I'll
see you next week for another exciting
installment of ipfs core implementations
weekly sync goodbye for now